Yeah.
Well,
welcome to this episode of the Family Hour
of the Yahowah Blog.
We're going to continue, actually, on our
series that was about the final word
picture.
We have a partial cast of characters here.
It looks like I have my good friend
Kevin up there now on the steps leading
to my upper patio right outside the
jacuzzi.
So, it's probably a nice place to be
on a cold winter's night.
Yes, it is.
It's a change of pace for me.
Okay.
Glad you're enjoying it.
And JB, always wonderful to see you.
You've got your Shannon Yahowah shirt on.
Excellent.
And Dr. Jeff,
it does not look like you're at home
today.
Are you at the hospital?
Yes,
I am dealing with cardiac arrests and
people who are yawking up and coughing up
blood.
Oh, that's bad.
Just another day at the office.
Yeah,
I don't think I would be properly suited
for that kind of thing.
We have the lovely Leah over to my
left.
How are you, Leah?
I'm good.
Shabbat Shalom, everyone.
Leah has had quite the experience these
last few days,
finding herself everywhere in a book that
she thought she was nowhere.
So, it's been quite the go.
We have Rich over on the controls.
I'm assuming that our good friend Captain
Kirk is under the weather tonight or
somehow...
He'll be in later.
All right.
He is going to sneak in later?
Okay, good.
For those who don't know,
he's going through radiation therapy for
prostate cancer and has five treatments a
week, and it is absolutely no fun.
So it's wearing him out,
that is for darn sure.
So, we wish him all the best and
hope that he can join us.
But we're going to return to the topic
really of our lifetimes.
I think that what we have come upon
in the last few weeks is so beyond
anything that we expected. (Leah laughs)
It began, you know, I was,
I was minding my own business. I just
thought, you know, this was, I really didn't
know how I wanted to write Coming Home
Four, and so, I wrote two versions of
it simultaneously one was, let's just
pursue the the Mizmowr, so I translated
the next three Psalms. I think they
were
uh, thirty three, thirty four,
thirty five,
and then, made my way past them and
was just having a grand old time,
wrote about four hundred pages that way.
And then, I said," you know,
I think what I really need to be
doing is I need to track the relationship
between myself and Dowd, and the roles that
we have been asked to play really from
beginning to end with the fourth day of
creation with the greater and lesser
luminaries, and the tree of knowledge
leading to the tree of lives.
And my Dowd and May Dowd characters, when
Moshe gave up and said,"
I can't do this anymore."
And God said,"
I got a couple of guys.
We'll take it from there."
And then, the whole story in Numbers
fifteen with those the three animals,
the ram, the bull and the goat,
resolving every problem of his people and
rectifying their relationship and how they
would all work together in the end to
accomplish this.
And it just goes on.
And then you have in Dabarym
that powerful announcement about
the Nakary making a debut right
there, and the Towrah, I'm just so happy,
Qara, that you've decided to join
us in this way. That's very cute of
you to do so, and so I
was just minding my own business I
was making my way through just one
after another and Leah comes into my
study before sunrise, before sunrise one
morning
And she says," right now,
you need to read the final Mashal,
number thirty-one, with me.
And we read through this.
And I don't know if we would have
had the eyes to see it if we
had come across it a year ago or
two years ago or much any earlier.
We would just not have had the eyes
to see it.
And it is Dowd who was saying that
he was visited by a surrogate mother,
and that she imparted information to him
that was life-altering.
And then that mother is identified,
and her husband is identified,
and it becomes us.
We are looking at...
I had to spend three days saying that
that's not possible.
You can't go back in time.
Here we are.
It didn't make sense at first.
You cannot go back in time and alter
anything.
You can witness what happened in the past.
That's it.
Because that's the way that light works;
light energy.
But, you can't alter anything in the past,
and this is life altering.
She tried to talk some sense into the
young man and get him to think about
who he was.
I went back through the Mashal,
and I got up to sixteen,
and it's still the same discussion.
Yeah,
the Mashal are all written from the
perspective of a husband and wife,
a mother and father,
providing advice to their son,
all in harmony with the Yahowah's Towrah
instructions.
It's the same all the way through these
Mashal.
And they're beautiful family portraits,
if you will.
And so, you can say they were written
by Dowd,
and I think most of them were,
but they could have also been written by
Solomon in his early years,
him trying to...
share what he had learned from his father,
the problem of, of course,
ascribing them to Solomon.
His mother was a tramp,
and by the time that he was born,
his father was a drunk and was a
lousy father, a lousy husband,
a lousy leader,
lousy everything by the time that he was
born.
The metaphors he uses to describe
The parents suggest a poor upbringing.
Yeah.
So, it suggests that everything we read
from Dowd, actually,
because of this intervention of...
Dowd didn't... Listen, what...
Back one step further.
My life over the last ten to twelve
years...
of the twenty-four years that I have done
this, since I've met you,
has been devoted to burnishing Dowd's
resume.
I think all of you have been with
me, in fact, I know you have,
long enough to know when everyone started
to mock me because I had a bromance
with Dowd.
And, that grew from recognizing that he was
also the Messiah and Son of God.
And then, that grew,
which is a marvelous thing.
Yeah,
and then that grew when I recognized that
he was the exemplar.
He was the epitome of what God was
trying to achieve through the covenant,
and that he also represented Yisra'el,
the good, the bad, the beautiful,
and the ugly,
and that the next phase of that was
the greatest discovery, I think,
in human history is to recognize that it
was God who fulfilled
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym being crucified in
33 CE,
and then taking our guilt into She’owl on
Matsah,
and that he wrote about it in first-person
narratives,
and therefore there could not have been a
Jesus,
because Dowd actually did these things,
and the Jesus figure is simply a
counterfeit.
You know,
that was probably four years ago,
five years ago,
that we came to that conclusion and was
able to prove it.
And ever since then,
my life has been pretty much devoted to
reestablishing Dowd's reputation that was
stolen from him by Judaism and
Christianity, and to some extent, Islam.
But there was always this nagging
heartache.
Well,
we love and respect our king because he
fulfilled the single most difficult
challenge in human history.
I mean, allowing the Romans,
volunteering to let the Romans crucify
you,
and then having your soul go into hell,
shield, carry our guilt away on its own.
That's the greatest act of courage in
human history.
And we're here because he did that.
If he hadn't done that,
we wouldn't even be here.
And so we have been devoted, but...
Those who are the least bit scholarly on
this, all rabbis,
and many Christian advocates,
will push back on the idea that Dowd
could have been the Messiah who is also
our Savior because of what Dowd did to
Uriah, the light of Yah,
when stealing his wife.
Mm-hmm.
And they will, in fact,
we've had them post on our site.
You cannot be right because the Passover
lamb has to be perfect.
And Dowd did the following.
David did the following to Uriah's wife
and then had him killed.
And yeah, that absolutely happens.
And they'll say the Passover lamb has to
be perfect.
Yeah, well, Moshe killed a man.
Yeah, so, yeah, well, he did.
Yeah, that's right.
But they don't relate.
And so you have two issues here.
The first is we have never addressed what
Dowd did.
You know,
we've been all through Second Samuel,
but never Eleven and Twelve that addressed
what Dowd did.
And finally, after this review in Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
And it was the most painful thing I
think I've ever done,
translating what he did and how he went
about it.
And there is no way that Dowd just
woke up late one afternoon after snoozing
one off from being drunk on wine and
got up and staggered to the roof and
said, I think I want that one.
And all those things just naturally play
off from there.
He had been working up to this for
some time.
And so we have a king that had.
Fifty six aren't actually he was fifty six
at the time,
he had forty eight very good years.
Forty eight very good years,
that's twice as long as I've been doing
this, and, you know,
I have my battle scars to show for
it,
and there are there are days where you
go,
am I going to make it to the
end?
And I'm only half as far into it
as he was.
He had forty eight very good years from
eight to fifty six.
It's not perfect,
but with a really hard crowd,
pretty darn good years.
And it's a tough job.
It's a job that Yawa tried himself,
didn't do really well at, you know,
that his audience told him to shut up
and go away.
We never want to hear from you or
see you again.
That's not exactly succeeding.
So it's a really tough job.
Moshe,
he wasn't a week out of Torah before
he started saying, God,
you must obviously hate me for having me
do this.
And this job is impossible.
And if you have any respect for me
at all,
you're just going to kill me now.
I would say the job's pretty tough at
that point.
So I have a lot of empathy for
him.
But what he did was heinous.
And it gets worse with his apology in
the fifty first song,
which is what I'm translating now.
It's the most horrific thing I have
encountered in the all the time we have
done this.
And it's horrific,
not because I've seen much worse things
than the Christian New Testament,
much worse things in the Koran.
So I don't mean it from that point
of view.
I mean it from the point of view.
This is the man I love and respect
and want to serve and support.
And I just cannot imagine him saying these
words or even thinking them.
It's hardly conceivable.
It's heartbreaking.
And I'm going to draw some conclusions
from that when we go through this material
that are going to blow your mind.
It's the predicament that he put Yahowah
in, us in, all of Israel in,
the world in.
The effects of what he did were
catastrophic.
And I had never understood how Yahowah goes
about resolving these kinds of situations.
How does God do it?
You know, he's free will and all.
He kicked us out of the garden for
good reason.
He wants to give us six thousand years
to get our act together and see if
we really can be worthy travel companions
and can be trusted and be decent listeners
and responsive and reliable.
He would be negligent if he didn't.
And yeah, he would be.
He'd be negligent if he didn't.
But then there's a series of events that
play out on a very strict schedule over
six thousand years.
And we're just seven and a half years
from their culmination.
How in the world did God keep that
plan on track?
And after reviewing and sharing all the
insights from the last word picture,
the final mishal,
I came up with the answer and was
really uncomfortable with it,
but I understand the answer.
I've shared this on a couple of programs,
and I'm going to share it again tonight,
and I...
I would expect that the vast majority of
people,
even in the covenant that I'll share this
with, won't process it,
won't agree with it, won't understand it,
maybe not even see the need for it.
But nonetheless,
the fact remains that Yahowah came up with
a way of intervening in the long march
of time without violating free will.
without making such a show that he becomes
impossible to reject,
without rigging the system,
without violating cause and effect.
And so therefore not going back in time,
but playing right along with the flow of
time.
And there are at least two individuals,
a man and a woman that he used
in this way.
And they're all over the place.
I'm just stunned that we missed them all
of this time.
But the way that God solved the dilemma
with the son is that he could not
talk directly to him.
You know, when he rebukes him,
God's not talking to him.
In fact,
God had stopped talking to him even before
this incident.
That's why Nathan is there.
Right.
So God's not even talking to him.
And there's no indication that they
started talking again anytime soon.
So God had to have a way to
intervene and he had to stay consistent
with who he is.
And every time God's intervened,
how does he do it?
Through people.
With people.
That is the correct answer.
Through people.
And he made a commitment.
It's not just that is his standard
operating procedure.
He made a commitment.
He told the Israelites,
what you are requesting that I speak
through people as opposed to directly to
you is the right choice.
That is a more successful approach.
And so God intervened in the timeline,
the right place with the right people in
the right way through individuals.
These are not people who just happened to
be born at the right time that kind
of waltzed into the scene.
Nope.
He didn't do it that way.
Like, for example,
that woman who protected Moshe so that he
ended up not killed,
as that would have been the plan for
all males at that time in Egypt,
but was instead brought into Pharaoh's
household.
That was an Amma.
And when Dowd became so reprehensible that
God couldn't talk to him anymore,
God was in a really difficult position.
Because if he does not address this,
then Dowd is never going to face reality.
He's never going to return.
He's never going to get any better.
And if he does disclose it,
he's going to open the door wide open
for Christianity and for Islam and for
Judaism because here's the best that God
has to offer and he's horrible.
Justifies replacing him.
So God can't talk to him directly.
Not going to do it.
Nathan is too respectful.
Every time that Nathan talks to him,
he's really pretty soft-spoken.
He will say what God says,
but he's even guarded in doing so.
And so that wasn't the answer.
That was not getting Dowd's attention.
So we find out that Dowd had no
respect for women.
Literally none.
He looked at them as sexual objects to
be conquered and nothing more.
So...
Yahowah began to soften him up a bit
by sending a woman who was brighter than
she was beautiful.
It was the first woman that would talk
to him in a way that got his
attention.
A woman that was so unlike any woman
he had ever met that he called her
the greatest woman who ever lived.
And he thanks Yahowah profusely for sending
this productive woman,
this productive mother to him.
And over and over again in his Psalms
says she's the one that released me from
this terrible plight that I had put myself
in.
But she doesn't work alone.
Every time that even throughout the
Mashal,
every time that she engages to do
something, she sets it up.
Very sweet, very loving,
beautiful language, uplifting, thoughtful.
but she is not the hammer.
And at this point, when you read,
when I share what Dowd did,
and then I share how he responded in
Psalm fifty-one,
you'll understand why he needed a hammer.
And somebody had to go and talk to
him who loved him in spite of what
he had become because they knew what he
would become.
And
That is the magic of all of this
that the religious do not understand.
And it is one of the most amazing
things that I will share with you.
So after telling you,
and I'm going to go through the example
here again,
I did it in the previous program,
but I'll do it again, of Chanak, Enoch,
and how Enoch sets the model for this,
of going in and out of the timeline
at Yahowah's beck and call.
But the thing that the religious miss,
I was alerted to because of Jake O'Brien's
song about the Adam of Paran.
And he did that cartoonish character of me
standing with the rainbow.
That's my Facebook portrait.
And I wrote a lovely song and introduced
the Adam of Perah,
this bloody red man of the earth that's
perceived to be the red heifer,
who is a productive bull, as perfect.
And he used the word perfect four times
during the song.
And my response is just a cringe.
First of all, I love the song,
and I'm glad he did it,
because if he hadn't done it,
I wouldn't have done the study.
So I'm really glad he did it.
And I...
Perfect is from the Hebrew word tamym.
The root of tamym is tamam.
However, tamym does not mean "perfect."
It doesn't mean flawless.
It doesn't mean unblemished.
It doesn't mean innocent.
Nope.
All of those things that are assumed that
it means to create this notion that there
is a perfect lamb and that you need
a farce of a person,
a person who never actually existed so
that he could be slathered with perfection
and that the myth of Jesus Christ,
it's all a lie.
Fantasy.
Not only aren't there perfect lambs.
Nope.
Not only aren't there perfect bulls.
There are no perfect people.
Definitely not.
And God's not even perfect.
Moreover, if we were perfect,
we would be boring.
If we were perfect,
there'd be nothing for us to learn.
No way for us to grow.
Nope.
No chance for us to improve.
We'd never have an opportunity to prove
that we were trustworthy or reliable,
or we could accomplish anything beyond
just being us.
Eternity would be hell.
Oh God, it would be hell.
It's, you know, it's those,
there's a lot of people that will do
like the Twilight Zone series.
I'm sure you've seen them before.
Being a bit of a, of a nerd.
I mean that lovingly and positively
because I'm also one and my wife loves
nerds, but JB,
I am sure you watched some Twilight Zone.
I watched it multiple times.
Okay.
And there's,
there's one on somebody goes to what he
thinks is heaven.
And it's everything that, you know,
he's got the prettiest girl.
He's got the best house.
He's got the best job.
He's got this heaven thing is really good.
And after a while,
when you play golf and every time it's
a hole in one,
every time you hit the slot machine,
it's a jackpot.
And after a while, it's boring.
Not only boring, it becomes hellish.
Yeah.
And that was the twist at the end.
That is the whole twist of this.
And most people don't understand it,
that if you got everything you wanted,
if everything was perfect,
your life would be hell.
It is fighting through the imperfections
that hones our character.
It's this whole idea of being imperfect
that makes us unique individuals and
therefore interesting.
Some of us have more imperfections than
others and are therefore more interesting.
I score high on the imperfection scale.
Oh, me too.
You've been called the most interesting
man in the world.
I have, yes, I have, even by God,
even by God.
So it is true that I must have
the most imperfections, therefore.
And by the way,
and that's something that Yahowah likes.
He likes, clearly,
he likes lovable rogues.
He likes characters.
He likes me.
Yes, yes.
You're a character.
An acquired taste.
You are.
You are indeed.
And I've acquired it.
So what I learned,
and it should have been obvious all along,
that tamam, the actionable root of tamym,
doesn't say anything about perfect.
Nope.
Doesn't say anything about flawless.
It says that somebody completes the job.
They finish what they set out to
accomplish.
They meet the goal.
No religion there.
It is the very thing that we have
recently learned about Eden, is it not?
What God was looking for is just for
us to keep on keeping on,
just to show up.
You know, it's a work day.
Show up.
Be accountable.
You know, show me that you care.
Engage.
Do something.
And see it through, please.
But now you think, okay, well,
that's a whole lot different than perfect,
right?
It's just being reliable, being engaged,
and seeing it through.
That is the definition.
So the Passover lamb is the lamb that
sees it through right to the better end,
right?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
The bull, the bull that is the,
that Adam, a para called perfect.
All it means is he gets her done.
He sees it through right to the end.
Don't he's tell me why,
because once we got him back rectified in
his relationship with the Iowa,
he manned up the board.
He saw through right to the very end
and got it done.
He committed himself to fulfilling the two
most difficult days in human history,
allowing the Romans to crucify him and
going to hell for a heavenly cause.
It doesn't get better than that.
He saw it through.
He did the job.
And we're all here because of it.
That makes sense to me.
And so the religious just don't get it
because they don't understand the
terminology.
And it's only after, I think...
a better part of a lifetime.
I don't know if twenty four years is
a lifetime,
but it's a good it's a good chunk
of one's life.
that you're in a position where you're
finally willing to challenge everything
that you have been led to believe.
And how many times I've looked up Tamim
and it says perfect and you go, well,
the Torah is entirely perfect.
No, that's not what it says.
It says that the Torah is entirely
complete doing the job that it was
entitled to accomplish.
It'll take care of everything that needs
to be done right to the very end.
That's what it says.
It authorizes who it authorizes,
and it says what it says.
And the funny thing is that when we've
opened up our hearts and minds to those,
it's inevitably...
He is human.
It is only the religious who have made
it perfect.
Perfect.
There is no...
If you've ever raised lambs or any kind
of animal,
there is no such thing as perfect.
There's a beautiful animal,
but there's no perfect.
But let's keep in mind that Dowd is
the exemplar for Yisra'el.
Mm-hmm.
Wasn't edging up next to perfect.
Not even close.
No,
he was pretty extraordinary for forty
eight years.
And then he was a bum.
Kind of like Israel.
Well,
except for the fact I don't think Israel
could.
We didn't even last that long.
Could count four years where they were.
where they were exceptional much less uh
so then you you get to the end
of all of this and you realize that
we're going to continue after we have
finished confronting exactly what the
words say i'm going to you know Leah's
told me about ten times today you know
be careful with this because i mean i
am really going after it what i'm doing
is i'm writing the exact response that i
know i told him based upon what he
said three thousand years ago
That's what I know exactly what I told
him.
I'm not going to be any different then
than I am now.
And, you know, you say, well,
he's our king.
No.
Yes.
He's our son.
When Yahowah says, you know,
in the eighty ninth minutes more,
Yahowah says,
I'm never going to take my eyes off
of him.
I'm going to keep close watch over him
forevermore.
How does God work?
Through people.
Guess who drew that straw?
Drew that straw.
Watch him.
I don't remember entering that lottery.
There you go.
That is our job forevermore.
It has been our job.
You better put a really good team
together.
No, that job is not a team job.
It is just the two of us.
The team has a world to run.
Has a marvelous group of people to teach
and a world to run.
You know, when we're invited back to Eden,
it's, yes,
God is removing all of the religious and
political trash.
That's a very good thing.
And he's going to remove all the pollution
and the world's going to be restored to
Eden conditions.
Yes.
But there's going to be sanitation.
They're going to be roads.
There's going to be houses.
Leah's making the wardrobe.
We know that there's going to be fabric.
There's going to be power plants.
There's going to be farms producing food.
All of those things are going to exist.
Yeah, we need a yacht.
And that's why there's so many goyim with
the right aptitude and attitude that will
be allowed in.
And they will be emancipated because of
the nature of the Torah pursuant to the
obel.
Fifty years in, they have to.
And fifty years is nothing when you're
dealing with a thousand and then with the
potential for eternity.
They're going to be emancipated.
But guess what?
They're going to stick to the same jobs.
Why?
Because the jobs need to be done because
work is good.
And so there is a world to run.
Power plants, internet facilities, roads,
farms, distribution, sanitation,
all of it has to be managed.
And God's going to establish his covenant
team as managers of that,
while also being the teachers and the
exemplars so that...
We make the most of this opportunity and
get as many, if not as many,
at least the best of that remnant released
in a thousand years so that we can
all go and explore the universe.
Now, fortunately for us, two things, well,
a number of things are true.
Well,
we're going to be working our tails off.
working with you, I was fun.
You're a great boss.
You know,
that's going to be working environment.
Our comrades are going to be wonderful to
be around.
The working conditions are going to be
great.
The environment,
the office is going to be beautiful.
And we're going to get plenty of time
off because we will be able to transition
as covenant from matter to energy and do
your job and then transition to energy.
And you could spend ten years in a
second.
Yeah,
you can go on a ten-year exploration
around the universe,
come back a second later.
And so it's going to be an ideal
set of circumstances for us and tremendous
rewards associated with it.
But, well,
I think that we will all sit in
a council of elders, if you will.
managing all of these things and
scheduling them out and this sort of thing
i did learn that my job isn't what
i thought it was going to be i'm
not the king's herald i'm the king's
conscience it's a whole different
responsibility and Leah's his mother
And that's going to be the condition for
a very long time.
What a headache.
Oh, my.
He likes to chase girls.
He's, oh, my God.
Yeah, because, you see,
I won't say any problem with that.
But you're going to have to, you know,
have him have some respect for women
because he has none.
None at all.
Yeah, none at all.
So it's an interesting realization.
And it's not starting yet.
seven and a half years from now.
It goes back at least three thousand years
ago.
So how does God do that?
Yeah, really.
All right.
So the big challenge again is getting past
our human perceptions and our religious
perceptions and that is that from a
religious point of view you want you want
to be bodily resurrected and uh you know
you want to be on the comfy couches
eating bonbons and singing hymns and all
that kind of stuff and you don't want
to be down there in hell where your
body is being scorched right
Now,
that's what's promoted in Christianity,
promoted in Islam,
promoted throughout the society.
But that's not realistic.
There are no bodies in hell.
There are no bodies in Shamaym in heaven
either.
Our bodies are a tremendous liability.
This universe is un-explorable.
There's no reason to enhance the remaining
remnant of Yisra'el or the goyim who enter
the millennial celebration of Sukkah.
If we're gonna stay in physical bodies,
you can't do anything.
You can't leave the planet.
Even our astronauts that fly around on the
International Space Station,
they come back emaciated.
their hearts shrink,
their muscles atrophy,
their bones disintegrate.
And that's still inside of some semblance
of Earth's protection,
but we don't do well outside of Earth's
gravity.
Even if they're exercising four hours a
day, six months,
and you bring back half a man or
half a woman, after a year's time,
There's no recovery for many of these
people.
They barely can walk again.
And their hearts are so atrophied that
they never recover.
We can't leave this planet.
So long as we have physical bodies,
we're not going anywhere.
The distances are too great and the
environment is way too toxic.
So the only advantage for us is to
get out of these bodies and to do
what God is saying and to be transformed
by approaching that feminine manifestation
of the fiery light during the Moed Mikra
where physical organic material that is
decaying is transformed into radiant
energy and light.
that's gonna be the conveyor of our souls.
And then we can soar.
We can go to every galaxy in this
universe.
We can be unlimited in time.
We can enter Shamaim.
We can be infinitely more brilliant and
capable and emancipated and empowered and
enriched than we are now.
I'll tell you why I'm in it.
I'm in it to get off this swamp
that humans have created that are not even
fit for a worm anymore.
Well, I wouldn't go there.
I mean,
I would be totally the opposite of that.
This is a beautiful planet.
It was.
Yes, it is a beautiful planet.
This is a beautiful planet.
It is a beautiful planet.
And God has given us a great gift
with this planet.
Yes, he has.
And we will return to this planet
routinely.
And the things that we have polluted are
going to be restored.
So it's a beautiful place,
and this is our home.
And it will, even throughout all time,
this will remain our home and Jerusalem as
the capital of our home.
And it's going to be the place where
we're going to reunite multiple times
every year.
So this is a beautiful place.
The swamp I'm referring to is religion and
politics.
That's gone.
You can't get away from that because it's
just gone.
It's eliminated.
So...
Once you have an appreciation for the fact
that those of us here in this program,
we have two things of enormous value.
That's a nephesh,
the carrier of our personality.
and our attitudes,
our very life is in our nephesh.
Science has a clue what a soul is.
Not a clue.
Philosophers didn't either.
They cannot measure it.
They can't test it.
They can't quantify it.
They can't replicate it.
They say, oh,
we understand how life was created,
and given enough time,
life will spontaneously change.
No.
They literally have no concept as to what
a soul is, a nepheshul, consciousness,
animal consciousness.
Not even a clue.
And have no capacity to even determine
what it is.
But God created them.
They exist.
Obviously they exist.
And they have value.
The only thing science has really proven
about this consciousness is that it
doesn't have anything to do with our
brains.
It exists completely separate from the
physical brain.
That's the only thing they really know.
That's something they don't know.
I would say they know a couple of
things.
One is that it is separate from our
physical bodies.
It is distinct from our physical bodies,
but its absence from our physical bodies
causes our physical bodies to instantly
die.
So it is essential for life in our
physical bodies.
The moment it's gone, we're dead.
And by the same token,
it is not part of our physical bodies.
It has no mass,
and we cannot calibrate the energy.
And yet it is.
And it is the single most important aspect
of us.
It's called a nefesh in Hebrew.
And the other part that is unique to
every covenant member is an assoma.
And I say every covenant member because
I'm convinced that even if the majority of
people have one today,
it is so atrophied that it is useless.
The anusama is what made Adam unique in
the garden in Chawa as well.
It is the ability to be judgmental,
to be discriminatory, to be perceptive,
to distinguish between right and wrong.
That is the essence of anusama.
It's how we think differently than other
animals so that we can be moral,
we can be just, we can be fair.
We can distinguish what is worthy of love
and what is worthy of hate and how
to go about treating both of those foes.
Not necessarily foes,
sometimes adversaries or allies.
So this made us unique.
Now,
these two things can be extinguished or
made eternal.
Eternal in Yahowah's presence.
or eternal in a black hole equivalent to
Sheol, where time exists eternally,
but there are no other dimensions.
And so a black hole is essentially the
prison that is known as hell.
No tortures, no fires,
no little devils running around.
It's just an eternal incarceration in a
place where it's one dimensional,
time only.
And so once you realize that your physical
body
is discardable and replicatable.
Both of those things are important.
The DNA code that created each of our
bodies is very specific.
It's a three-dimensional alphabet,
and there are no two alike.
The permutations are trillions of times
greater than there are permutations for
snowflakes or for the number of animals
that have been on the earth up to
this point.
So we can all be uniquely individual
because of the DNA.
Yes.
And that DNA has a record.
God kept the record.
Absolutely.
And if he wants to replicate our body,
For any purpose,
it's exceedingly easy for him to do so.
Are you kidding?
The Chinese can do it.
Yeah, God can do it, of course.
They're almost as good as the Chinese.
There you have it.
The Chinese can do it.
Directly from the Amma.
qualified as the chinese i'm really glad
to hear that i dealt with enough
chinese-based products that i would much
rather have Yahowah rebuild my body than
the chinese i'm gonna i'm gonna go with
you absolutely yeah we'll actually give us
instructions you know right now when Dowd
returned in a second of three lives uh
yeah i would dial up his dna and
say here you go i'm gonna put your
soul in a uh and a replica body
and that body's going to be destroyed so
what i'll
Make another.
When you come back, I'll make another.
If you want to be taller, fine.
If you want to be, you know, sturdier,
that's fine, too.
You know, whatever you want to be.
Here's how you manipulate the code.
It works within the haplogroup, yes.
It works within your genetic code,
but there's so many variations.
You're going to be able to dial it
up, whatever you want.
So...
Easy for God to do.
Piece of cake.
He can do it while napping.
And taking care of a soul is...
Easy peasy for him.
So our souls can come and go as
God sees fit and he can dial up
a body when he wishes to.
Now he has to be a little bit
careful because he does not insert souls
into bodies and then withdraw them unless
there's something really extraordinary
going around because for the most part,
it's just the ordinary flow of the
progression of life and death.
Well, with free will,
you have to allow for a certain amount
of chaos.
But to keep it on track,
to keep the timeline flowing in the
direction that it must,
it has to have guardrails.
And it's the way that God goes about.
resolving these crucial pinch points uh
Moshe for example he needed to be entered
into Pharaoh's household so that that he
would be a Hebrew that would be educated
that he would be a Hebrew that would
know the ways of uh of the Mitsri
would speak that language would also speak
Hebrew uh would um
have come to know the religion,
the politics,
the caste economic system of the Mitzri,
the Egyptians, and have rejected it.
He needed a man that had done those
things.
And that was not going to happen unless
it was a very, I mean,
talk about the,
what do you think the likelihood is that
a Hebrew boy who's supposed to be
assassinated gets floated down the Nile
and picked up by Pharaoh's daughter and
taken into Pharaoh's household?
What do you think the,
you wanna run the odds on that?
I'm going to ask Perry to do that,
but yeah, I'm with you.
Yeah.
So there's an Alma in that story.
That's right.
That's why there's an Alma inserted that
story.
God says,
go take care of this for me.
This is what I want done.
You go down, you do the job.
When Moshe was,
had opted out and Moshe didn't handle it
very well.
And Moshe didn't just say, Hey God,
it's a really tough job.
I'm, I'm,
I'm obviously inadequate for it and I
really don't want to do it anymore.
Um,
That would have been bad,
but not terrible.
No, he says, God,
you must really hate me to put me
in this situation.
What did I do to you that would
cause you to despise me to this degree
that you would subject me to this?
You know,
if I'm wrong and you do have any
degree of compassion for me,
any regard for me,
you're just going to kill me.
That probably is not the best approach.
I think it says more about the children
of Israel than it does about Moshe.
Well, it does.
It does.
It doesn't exonerate Moshe.
No, it certainly doesn't,
but it says a lot more about them.
Yeah, it does, but it still,
when he had that meltdown,
God is so different than he is perceived
to be.
Yes.
He didn't pat old Moshe on the back
and say, come here, come on, kid.
Come on, kid, isn't that bad?
I love you.
I want to support you.
We're going to get this done.
You're going to see they're really not
that bad.
No.
Come on.
If you only love enough, we can,
you know, enough love.
No, no, no, no, no.
Right.
Turn the other cheek.
Yeah, yeah, turn the other cheek.
Judge not, lest you be judged.
Yes, yes.
May the one without sin cast the first
stone.
Y'all says I got a pile of rocks
out here for you guys.
Come on.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
He said,
I would give you the pile of rocks,
but I scorched them.
Right.
I thought the same thing of them.
You don't want to walk outside the camp
right now.
It's a little hot out there.
Yeah, hot rocks.
Omar wants to join your podcast.
He only did two things.
The first, right,
I've given you my spirit.
I'm going to now divide that spirit
seventy-fold.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm gonna give that spirit to seventy
elders of your pick out here,
and they're gonna serve as buffers for
you.
Now, they didn't accomplish anything.
There isn't a single hint of anything any
one of them said or did that had
any value.
And there's not even a hint of Moshe
ever relying on one of them, is there?
No.
So it was just God said, okay, okay,
we'll put a bandaid on it,
make you feel better.
But then what God did is he inserted,
I got a couple of guys.
And these two guys that he inserted,
one was called ElDowd.
What do you think ElDowd means?
God's beloved, right?
Yeah.
I always say, yeah, I was beloved too,
because I go right from L to yeah.
But it's ElDowd.
It means God's beloved.
And my Dowd means that this is the
person that is associated with that other
guy.
My other beloved.
If you will.
The other guy.
That's my other beloved.
He's that lesser luminary.
That's the other guy.
Well, you have a Yehud,
and then you have a Goy.
Yeah, we have the other guy.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
We got the Yehud,
and then we got the other guy that
saves the Yehud.
Because the Yehud, well, he was a Yehud,
and therefore he needed a Goy to save
him.
So that's quite a story.
So he inserts him.
And, uh, when, uh,
when Dowd fell as far as he did
in all of this, um, God, uh,
double teamed him and it took the double
team and he inserted, um,
He inserted Yana and then he inserted
Leah.
Actually, not probably in that order.
The other order,
somebody had to get Dowd sobered up.
That was the first order of business,
sobered up.
The second is you need to start respecting
women.
Because if you can't respect women,
if you don't have any respect for a
mother, when you, you know,
the fifty-first Psalm, he says that,
you know, it's not my fault.
I was born like this because my mother
was an animal in heat.
Doesn't say much for his mother, right?
So, yeah.
And in fact, when God chastised him,
he says, you know, it's because, you know,
you're morally superior and everything.
But, you know,
you saw what I did this thing.
What are you going to do about it?
And he was really flippant with God.
And so somebody had to get that boy's
attention and sober him up.
And
help him see, you know,
this is really a bad idea.
And then- His entire perspective was- Then
God sent in the other guy.
Yeah.
And he was tough on him.
But a couple of things that came out
of all that discussion is that one of
the things I have learned
is that I was wrong about two things.
I'm sure I'm wrong about more than two
things,
but that's part of the process is being
wrong and learning that you were wrong and
correcting the record and growing from it
and having it become a learning
experience.
Best thing you could possibly do.
That makes you interesting.
It makes you reliable.
It says that you can be trusted and
you're doing your job.
One is that I have said that I
thought that Dowd wrote,
his best Ms.
Moore and most of his Ms.
Moore early in his life when his mind
was fresh and before he fatigued under all
the pressure.
I don't think that's the case.
I think he wrote most of them after
this intervention.
The second thing that I was wrong about
is that I've said many times that when
I came to
say that Dowd served as the Passover lamb
and was crucified in thirty-three CE and
then fulfilled matzah.
What I have said is that since I
was able to figure it out by reading
the Torah,
that Dowd could have figured it out.
He was a student of the Torah.
And he would have seen the same things
I saw,
which is how I came to this conclusion.
But he didn't.
I figured it out and I told him.
And it's only when I figured it out
and told him in no uncertain terms,
this is who you are,
that he sobered up and restored his
relationship with Yahowah and said,
you can trust me, I'll get this done.
So.
Better late than never.
Better late than never to this party.
By the skin of his teeth.
He got it done.
He got the job done,
which means he was timing.
Not perfect.
He completed the job.
And that's what we want.
There's nothing more important for any of
us than to finish this job.
Oh, well,
I'll hold you up with stilts if I
have to finish this job.
We do not know if we have four
months left in this first phase or if
we have fourteen months left in this
phase.
I don't know.
And I
I don't even think I want to know.
I think I want to work with both
deadlines.
Because if I only have four months,
I just can't get enough of this done.
There's too much more to learn and to
share and to write and to leave as
a legacy.
And four months is not enough time to
get that done.
And if it's fourteen months,
then we can get a lot more done.
But we're also putting ourselves in a more
vulnerable position because when you do
this job,
you have virtually no one outside of your
own family that's going to support you.
That's right.
Because you're opposed.
to everything that is popular.
You're opposed to Christianity, Islam,
working with God's people, Judaism.
Secularism.
All politics, all of them.
Marxists, Magas.
Conspiracy.
You're opposed to conspiratorialists,
which are a huge percentage of people.
Academics.
You're opposed to racists and to
anti-Semites,
which is the majority of people today.
Any organization over three people.
So...
You have no affinity with any group of
people.
That's why we're so popular.
That is.
You know, if we were to be popular.
We'd be in trouble.
We'd be in real trouble.
That means we have gone off message if
we're popular.
And we have to recognize that God doesn't
back down.
No.
He doesn't make accommodations.
When Dowd felt badly, God says,
all of these things are going to be
a consequence of what you've done.
And he didn't hold back.
He says,
the only thing I can tell you that
is good news is you're never going to
die.
You're never going to die.
But I got nothing but bad news for
you, boy.
And for your people.
And what you have brought on to yourself
and to your people.
But you're not going to die.
And...
With all of that,
then we have this opportunity for us to
make as big a difference as we can
to see this job right to the last
moment of Shibuya.
Now, someone would say, OK,
but there's seven years after Shibuya.
Well, yes, there are.
And there's going to be either two and
a half or three and a half before
we're reinserted.
And I just don't think there's any way
for us to properly calibrate,
to properly even evaluate the difference
between us post-Shabuwa and being in
Yahowah's presence in that way and getting
the kind of education we're going to get
and the perspective we're going to gain
and the empowerment, all of that,
I don't think there's any way to calibrate
that with where we are now.
Hope for the best and plan for the
worst.
I mean,
that's my idea is hope for the best
that you come back just, I mean,
empowered and then plan for the worst that
I'm still just going to be me and
I'm going to be me and getting the
job done.
You know,
that's the only way to look at it
because it's an unknown.
Yeah.
It is possible that God could bring grown
men back.
both of them exceedingly well-known at
this point,
and for them to be nothing more than
what they have been,
and that being good enough.
So I guess it's possible.
I don't think it's that way.
I think that the difference is going to
be monumental.
And I think by the time we finish
that,
we have another thousand years here to go
on Earth.
I think at that point,
we are so uniquely special, empowered,
enriched, and abled.
Here we are,
we're learning something profoundly
important that no one on earth has ever
conceived, and it's a weekly event.
We are exceeding the sum knowledge of
humanity about God on a weekly basis.
And it's nothing compared to where we're
going to be.
We'll be laughing at the snail's pace.
I can really appreciate God saying,
I want you to change from spending all
your time writing and correcting these
books to speaking,
being the living embodiment of these
books.
Do a vlog because if we were doing
what we had done previously,
we would never get out of correcting the
books.
Right.
Never.
You wouldn't write anything new and you
couldn't learn anything new.
All you would do is be correcting what
you had and you don't get anywhere.
Joe,
the other day sent me an email and
said, you know,
your Babel series first volume makes
statements about the Taurus one coming out
of Macedonia.
How do you want to deal with that?
Do you want to rewrite that?
I said, no, because
Where are you going to stop if you
start rewriting things?
So here's what I want you to do.
I want you to put a parenthetical,
whatever that chapter is,
at the top of the chapter,
and to say that since the time that
this was written,
we have learned a great deal more,
particularly from the prophet Yahshua.
And in so doing,
we were drawn back to retranslate and
reconsider everything in Daniel.
And when we did...
We learned the actual identity of the
Torahless one.
And we learned all of the events as
they're going to transpire between now and
then.
And all of that is now presented in
the Etz Sarah, Time of Trouble,
Volume Nine of Yadda Yadda,
end of parenthetical.
All the rest of it stays.
There you go.
I think that's the best answer.
Because if we did anything else,
we wouldn't get...
there's not enough time to do what we
need to do now much less uh take
two take two years out to rewrite all
the books that's true uh so here in
the three and a half year period you're
gonna get a big major lesson from Yahowah
because you're gonna have time when yada
and elia are up on the temple or
the yeah yeah teaching you're gonna have
time to be doing translations and you're
gonna be speaking all day every day i
think you're gonna already know all that
You're going to get a first-hand lesson
from Yawa.
Yeah, I mean,
my hope is and expectation is we show
up and, you know,
after you have a big hug and a
grand appreciation and a big sigh of
relief and and and you say, OK,
how do we do?
What did we get wrong?
And what did we miss that that we
need to know to complete this story and
to be accurate that I'm ready to go
to school?
Let's go.
Three and a half year crash course.
Yeah, this is my expectation.
I say we got either two or three
years.
Let's get at it.
What did we get wrong?
And what did we fail to see that's
important to communicate?
But if I'm not mistaken,
when we are given the new edition of
the Torah for guidance,
I think that there is actually going to
be two of them.
And I think they're going to serve a
different purpose.
I think that the Thor as it exists
right now is going to be part of
the fabric of that mortal remnant.
And therefore they're going to need books
and programs like this to explain it.
So I think we're going to continue to
do what we're doing for them.
And then for
covenant that are now able to come and
go and to go explore the universe.
We're going to have a set of instructions
on how to properly express free will with
the guardrails necessary and seven
dimensions.
So you don't go do something that's
dangerous and, you know,
rip the fabric of time and destroy the
universe.
You know,
you're going to have to have some
guardrails, you know,
free will is going to be different going
forward.
And we're going to have infinitely more
choices,
but yet have some constraints on our free
will such that we don't do something
stupid.
So I think that even in that,
based upon what we learned, JB,
when both of us started translating and
thinking, oh, I'll just translate.
No, it doesn't work that way.
learning is based on having somebody make
the connections for you draw the word
pictures for you uh explain it to you
and i think the same thing is going
to be true with the covenant family going
to look for elucidation and i think we'll
be writing and conveying texts on uh you
know
Here's the video on chapter seven of the
owner's manual going forward and visiting
new galaxies.
Here's how to, you know,
the owner's manual and the video
presentation on DNA.
Don't do this,
but these are some things you may want
to try.
And then with on earth,
we're going to be doing exactly what we're
doing now.
And the Torah and prophets going right
through them,
explaining all of this and saying,
you know, these are the lessons.
You know, listen, act accordingly.
And so I actually think we're going to
have the opportunity to do the same thing.
Go ahead, JB.
I said,
you got a thousand years of an open
book test at the end.
Yes, correct.
Yeah.
It's what is so amazing about this open
book test is that while there are correct
answers,
And we're expected to know the questions
and know the answers and to provide the
correct answers.
The test is far more than that.
You see,
when Abraham took Yitschaq up Moriah,
and I've always referred to that as the
test to confirm the covenant narrative,
did God probe him with a bunch of
questions?
No.
So it wasn't a test in that regard,
was it?
It was a test of Tamim.
Are you willing to see it through?
These are my instructions.
That's the test.
He lifted the knife, didn't he?
And then God says, you passed the test.
Now I'm going to provide my son.
So let's have a great meal.
Let's enjoy Passover.
All about understanding the plan and
what's expected for us.
But that's the test we're all expected to
pass.
Showing that we're willing to listen,
do as God asks, be responsive,
and then be reliable.
So I do wanna return to where we
were,
and I wanna begin with the first statement
of the fifty-fourth chapter of Yahshua.
And I wanna introduce it a little
differently than I did previously.
This is celebrating a barren woman who's
supposed to be joyous.
So why would God make a big deal
of one woman?
Because this whole thing is one woman.
We're gonna go through like twelve
statements.
It's always...
Female singular, all right?
Why would God make a big deal about
one woman who's now having kids after
being barren?
What's the reason for that?
What do you think?
Rich?
I haven't told you the answer during
lunchtime.
I obviously wasn't paying attention.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
So I'm making a big impression.
All right.
Well, there's kind of a lot going on.
There is a lot going on.
That's true.
That is true.
I would agree.
Look, he's wearing Wookiee out.
The reason is that for three thousand five
hundred years,
there have been no children.
Israel had stillborn children.
There were no covenant children.
No.
That's the reason.
Because Israel was childless where it
mattered in the covenant.
And so the reason this is a celebration
is there is now a woman and her
husband that are conceiving the covenant
family.
And that's the celebration at long last.
So you, of all women,
should sing for joy as a ringing
endorsement.
Ringing endorsement of what?
Of the woman?
No,
of Yahowah and of the plan and the
covenant and on all of this.
Everything, dude, all of it.
So you should, of all women,
should choose to sing a ringing
endorsement.
Oh,
barren and infertile woman who has not yet
given birth.
How many natural childbirths have you had,
Leah?
None.
How many miscarriages?
Six.
How many barren women are in the Torah
story?
Six.
Six, huh?
And everyone had their problem of being
barren and fertile resolved, right?
Except one, Mikael.
She did not have hers resolved.
She would be the seventh, I guess,
barren woman.
Yeah,
we don't even want to go there because,
yeah, she absolutely was.
She didn't respect her king.
She was not resolved.
Or her husband.
All right.
So, oh,
barren and infertile woman who has not yet
given birth.
But this is interesting.
But three thousand years ago,
you had a son.
No, I don't recall.
Yeah.
But three thousand years ago, you did.
It's just that you didn't give birth to
him because his mother, according to Dowd,
wasn't was the reason he turned out bad
in the end was because his mother was
bad.
So what he's saying,
he's saying that badness is.
Yeah.
And the fifty first Mismore,
he actually says that badness is the
reason he was bad was because it was
passed on to him through childbirth
because his mother was a whore.
Yeah,
I'm going to tell you one thing for
certain.
That sperm and the egg do not know
if you were conceived in love or in
hostility.
They do not know if it was hot
and stormy or if it was so cold
and meaningless that both fell asleep.
That sperm and egg do not know.
They do not care.
Blame the parents.
Well, you know, he wasn't...
One thing you can do is blame the
parents and say, oh,
I had a lousy upbringing.
Well, okay, so I had a lousy upbringing.
So did my wife, Leah.
Both of us had really crappy parents.
We lost the parent lottery.
And Dote did too.
But he's not blaming his parents.
He's blaming the sexual encounter where he
was conceived.
He says, that is what made me bad.
And it was a mistake.
I shouldn't even be here.
That's what he said.
Probably not the best answer you could
give God.
Just saying here.
And she has not who has not yet
born a child.
You will become genuinely and ever more
serene than happiness.
So we know that you're going to get
through this period.
A static and delighted, it says.
the way she's snickering over there is
because Leah is an introvert she likes to
be behind the scenes and to be thrust
into the forefront as yeah was ama not
my thing is not her thing very
uncomfortable and so she's doing
everything she can to learn everything
that's ever said about this creature and
uh what she's supposed to do so that
she
sees it through,
but it is a really uncomfortable position
to be in.
And I just keep on reminding you,
I said, welcome to my world.
This is where I have been the last
twenty four and a half years.
It's well, it's a hot seat.
Now you know exactly what it's like and
you'll learn more about what it's like.
And one of the things that you have
to learn and this is going to be
very difficult initially.
is that you are exposed to something and
you immediately wanna share it,
but you're not really prepared to share
it.
You have to be methodical.
You have to sometimes just take a breath
back and say,
I'm gonna wrestle this one all the way
down.
And I'm not gonna report the totality of
what I'm learning
until i've made it all the way through
and i have verified the text and i
have correlated other things with it and i
have put together the the plan or at
least that i've thought enough about all
of these issues up to this point such
that i know how this piece fits into
that picture
And, you know,
I've been doing this now for twenty four
years.
And now finally, as the etsa diath,
each new piece,
I can say that one fits right there.
Missing that piece.
Now I got it.
So she will want to shout at the
top of her lungs.
I've heard that before.
With her appearance beaming.
Well,
sometimes when she's shouting at the top
of her lungs,
her appearance is not beaming.
But nonetheless,
we resolved one of her great issues today.
wookie here as an escape artist and wookie
is very influential with qara' and he
taught her how to do it and so
the other day we were gates are not
working properly and uh the uh the dogs
got out and Leah was uh chasing them
down the street actually took a tumble and
hurt herself and
and boy she came in and she was
shouting at the top of her lungs but
not at the time beaming so what we've
done is we have rained uh uh wookie
n uh i bought and rich has uh
brought up to speed a phi have you
ever seen a fifa foam uh a five
yep yep you have one i think
And on a GPS, you paint your property,
and it will send you a text and
say, Fee-fi-fo-fum has escaped.
And then it will show you a picture
of where Fee-fi-fo-fum has escaped to.
It shows you exactly where he's been and
everything else.
And you even have a go find Fee-fi-fo-fum
now, and it will do so.
Right.
So we now have a text message that
when Wookiee escapes...
We're going to know it.
And yeah, Qara''s saying, really?
So indeed, a great and abundant will,
or excuse me, indeed,
great and abundant will be.
I'll learn to read next week.
I'll be much better at this job when
I can read.
For indeed,
great and abundant will be the children of
the shamim,
You're a shamim, desolate woman.
Shamim means deserted.
You were deserted and abandoned,
weren't you?
In fact,
you are one of the very few women.
I mean, it does happen,
but it's not even one-tenth of one percent
of marriages where the husband doesn't go
for a divorce.
Just leaves.
He just leaves.
Totally abandoned and deserted.
You don't even know what country he's in.
Not anymore.
You wouldn't even know if he's alive.
No.
I tracked through like six or seven
countries, and then I just stopped.
okay well six and seven countries it's a
lot it is so you are actually and
as deserted and abandoned woman i found
you in lost and found yeah i found
you i found you in baggage claim not
many people that have found their wives
and baggage claim lost and found i was
not in the lost and found sir i
found you actually and actually you found
uh yeah so
Yeah, Asher found Ashar.
For the Shamim, the desolate woman,
from the children of Baal,
the husband to whom she is married.
You know that Shamim was written as the
call participle.
So we're progressing in our Hebrew
grammar,
both Shamim for abandoned and deserted
woman, and Baal, husband,
are not strictly nouns,
they are verbal nouns.
And they were written under the
participle.
So as the participle, they're equally,
they're an actionable title is what you
would say.
So she's married to Baal.
Her husband is Baal.
It is to Baal to whom she is
married, which is kind of a nice tie-in,
not only to most of the Mashal,
where this woman is married to Baal,
but that it is brought up three times
in the last word picture,
and it actually tells her that her Baal
is Yada.
That's a...
At that point, you're saying, okay,
I'm probably not going to wiggle out of
this,
and that she is a seamstress and a
fashion coordinator,
and I'm a merchant trader,
and you're going to say, all right,
so he's been there, seen that.
So here it is.
For indeed,
great and abundant will be the children of
the Shamim,
this deserted and abandoned woman,
from the children of Baal.
In other words,
her children are my children.
They're our children.
Whom she is married,
says a guy who ought to know.
Yahowah.
So this is not a...
I have a lot of respect for Yahshua.
We're buds.
My favorite prophet by a long shot.
He wrote the book on how to properly
choder.
And I wouldn't doubt anything the man
says, but the man ain't saying this.
This is Yahowah saying it.
So, yeah,
I was telling us all about this woman.
Now, at this point,
I took a little bit of a departure,
and I wanted to share the story of
the woman who is, well, we have Kirk,
who has just entered the picture.
Hey, Kirk!
Man, he is alive!
They may interrupt.
I'm sorry.
I was trying to sneak through the cracks.
Wow.
It's been a rough week, I would imagine.
It's, yeah, just, yeah.
Yeah,
it's just every day is more fun than
the last.
Yeah, a lot of drugs.
Say yes to drugs, huh?
More than gamma-pentin these days.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, I bet so.
You have a countdown calendar.
We call it an advent calendar,
but we don't do that sort of stuff.
But you have a countdown calendar,
and how many more of these?
Yeah, I think I have eleven now.
Eleven, okay.
If they don't kill me by that time,
then I'm all ill.
Two weeks, right?
Two weeks, but they have a holiday,
so it's one more day after that,
so it will take just a little bit
of time.
Eleven working days.
Wow.
And then they're going to give it a...
Y'all are doing good.
And then they're going to have an
assessment on... We love you, Kirk.
Yeah, no, we love you, Kirk.
We love y'all, too.
You can see we're delighted to have you
here.
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
Do you see how much baby Carl loves
boba tea?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
We have two spoiled dogs.
Not that you would know anything about
that, Kirk.
No, no.
Which dog likes boba tea?
Anyway, welcome, Kirk.
Thank you.
Shabbat shalom, Kirk.
Shabbat shalom.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
So I wanted to do just a quick
review of the women who were barren and
see if we can learn something from them.
I went over this material before,
but we get, I think,
a much better response to this Family Hour
program,
and I think it's a better learning
experience because we can all –
uh chime in and contribute to it so
i'm going to share uh first about sarah
she is the most uh famous of all
barren women probably in the history of
the world right yeah yeah yeah then god
said with unfolding implications over time
to Abraham this should not be seen as
troubling or wrong or bad now when god
uses ra it means this is bad and
now he's telling Abraham
Don't be troubled by this.
What is, what is he talking about?
The subject is.
Heaven children have an offspring or an
inheritance, uh, inheritor.
Um, sort of, um, it is, uh, uh,
Sarah tried to fix the problem of her
being barren by providing a surrogate.
And that surrogate was Hagar,
and she gave birth to Ishmael.
And God says, no, no, no.
Listen, I happen to be God.
I've got a plan.
That's not my plan.
We're not going to do it that way.
But Abraham said, hey, man, that's my kid.
I had a kid.
Finally, I got a kid, you know,
and and this is going to be mine
here.
It's going to be given to this kid.
And God says, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no.
It's not going to happen that way.
You know, you know, this was strike two,
right?
Because you're a good guy.
We've become friends and everything.
But I happen to be God and you
happen to be a human.
Okay.
So no,
we're not going to do it that way.
Okay.
I picked you out.
I'm going to do it.
I'm telling the story.
Could you just go along with the story?
As that other guy would say,
just go with the words laid, please.
Everything's going to work out if you go
with the words laid.
So.
He has this kid and now he finally
has a kid through Sarah.
Sarah gives birth to, after laughing,
mocking at God.
Boy,
don't ever laugh at God if you don't
want him to laugh back at you.
He said, okay,
you can name the kid Laughter.
And I don't care if you're eight years
old or if he's a hundred,
you're going to have a kid.
And this time next year,
we'll have cheeseburgers and talk about
it.
So when...
Sarah was feeling all good about herself
and saying, well, you know,
now I have the child of promise.
This is the kid that's going to have
the covenant.
And Hagar and Ishmael are mocking her
saying, yeah, but, you know,
right now the apple of Abraham's eye is
Yitschaq.
It's my kid, not your kid.
So, you know,
Abraham liked the kid that was, you know,
a teenager and able to help and go
out and do stuff with him, you know,
do father and dad stuff.
And, you know,
Yitschaq wasn't at that level yet.
And so they were mocking Sarah.
And Sarah didn't like that.
She shouldn't.
And so Sarah had said, send her away.
Doesn't belong.
We have our own household now.
We have our own family.
This is what God has promised.
Send her away.
This is nothing but trouble.
So now God is responding to Abraham and
he's saying, hey, Abraham,
there are unfolding implications of this
over time.
We've talked about this.
This should not be seen as troubling or
wrong or bad to you.
This is really a good thing, Abraham.
What's the opposite of bad?
Good.
This is the good thing, Abraham.
For regarding the child and pertaining to
your Amma,
did you know that Sarah was called an
Amma?
She was.
Why?
Because what Amma means is productive
mother.
She had become a productive mother.
And she was a productive mother not
because she was able to conceive a child.
but because she knew how to raise that
child and she was going to raise that
child in the covenant,
which means she had to remove Ishmael,
who did not belong.
She was acting like a productive mother
because her child was going to be
productive because the way she was
mothering him.
And so she became the first definition of
an Amma.
everything and anything, Asher,
to show the way to the benefits and
blessings of the relationship.
Sarah engages in and endures as a noble
woman.
She is Sarah.
She is the one who engages and endures.
You should choose to listen to her voice.
Because through Yitschaq laughter,
your seed and therefore your offspring and
descendants will be summoned and invited,
met with and welcomed,
recited and appointed for the Miqra'ey.
God had already told him that.
He should have listened.
That's the plan.
By the way, you know what's interesting?
That Hagar is also called an Amma.
Yes, she is.
She was actually a decent mother.
She fought for the survival and the place
of her kid.
The fact that he was outside the covenant
because it wasn't God's plan didn't change
the fact that she was doing her best
to be a mother.
And look at the descendants of Ishmael.
She was a productive mother.
She wasn't productive for the covenant,
but she was still nonetheless a productive
mother.
So here we have just this marvelous
insight in this regard.
All right,
I'm going to skip all the others because
I've gone over them in a future program,
but I do want to focus on Chanak
at this point.
Now, Chanak is not part of that scheme,
but I wanted to share the highlight of
it, which is Sarah,
and now to speak about Chanak.
He has more of a working title than
a name.
As a working title,
this name that we have rendered as Enoch
is based upon a verb that tells us
a great deal about him.
And that means that he was prepared,
he was trained,
he was properly positioned,
he was deployed.
He was deployable because he was
trainable.
God put him in, he did his thing,
he was removed.
And that is the plan that God would
have going forward.
Now, in conjunction with God,
their offspring would include a man named
Methuselah.
You know what that name means?
Man sent out as a stem.
Ever heard of one of those?
Sure have.
I know a guy.
It would be the Chodron.
A tree of knowledge.
He would have an offspring name as
Methuselah, a man sent out as a stem.
Of course, therefore,
explaining how the Chodron would be
derived from... Oh, my gosh.
Is that why he lives like nine hundred
and something years or...
Well, no,
he lived three hundred sixty five years
explaining how well Methuselah.
Yeah,
did live all those years because he went
away to the tree of lives.
He was the longest lived man.
And therefore, that's the story of him.
As for Chanuk,
who was three hundred sixty five years and
Methuselah was he was the longest lived
human, which means exactly that,
that I he that stem
pointed to the tree of life,
so he had the longest life.
And it also explains how the choder is
the etzadah, the tree of knowledge,
providing counsel to restore Yisra'el.
And in this way, they would foster,
and it says in the text,
they would foster many sons and daughters
for the covenant over the years.
Now, given the fact that...
that he would live for three hundred and
sixty five years at a time when the
Hebrew calendar was three hundred and
fifty four days.
I think that time is that's a very
precise number of the solar year.
I think that the time it suggests that
that he and another life would correlate
God's calendar with man's calendar the
first time that's been done.
Therefore, following the clues,
it appears that whatever time, place,
or title of Yahowah's choosing,
he or sometimes she,
would be inserted into the ordinary flow
of time by Yahowah, then removed,
returning to God,
awaiting the next deployment.
Not interfering with the orderly flow of
time,
having no negative effect on cause and
effect.
And no memory of it.
No.
It's a clean slate every time.
You're properly trained and equipped for
that particular mission.
You're in your own.
You accomplish the mission,
and then you're withdrawn.
But everyone has to have at least one
normal life.
So even those souls have one full normal
life where they have the opportunity to
demonstrate that they can learn and grow
and mature and be what God has expected
of them and what he has said of
them and represent who he has claimed of
them.
So here's Chanuk, the text regarding him,
and it's not much.
but it's a lot.
Chanak, trained and prepared,
dedicated and deployed.
Boy,
is that ever a sweet spot for exactly
what we're conveying here.
Was unfazed by external human influences
in his consistent walk through life.
So do you know how I came up
with the,
he was unfazed by external human
influences?
I mean, walk through life was easy.
The verb is halak.
Halak.
You've heard of the hitpayal stem?
The hitpayal stem means that the action of
this verb is being conveyed in such a
way that the one who is the subject
of the verb has no outside societal
influence on him of any kind.
He's not affected by religion.
He's not affected by politics.
He's not affected by conspiracy.
Men are not going to sway him at
all.
This person is being sent in and prepared
by God to perform a mission,
and they're going to stick to the plan
that God has prepared and laid out for
them,
and nothing any human's going to do is
going to deflect them.
It's kind of like, yeah,
special forces team.
They are, except that's pretty small.
Yeah, very tiny.
And in his special forces,
they accept women.
Yeah.
Yay.
If you're going to go out and pound
the bonies, man,
it's better to be with a pretty girl,
right?
Pretty girl.
Yeah.
all right okay i'm getting better yeah
there we go how about a smart girl
well at least as a smart girl well
yeah i wrote here here recently is that
um that the Dowd finally met a woman
who was brighter than she was pretty and
became prettier because she was brighter
Yeah,
I knew if I had just written that
first part,
I was going to get flack for that,
even though she liked me brighter than she
is prettier.
But, you know,
that was not going to that was not
going to fly.
So I said, hmm,
there's still bringing to my head.
I'm going to tell mom this this this
one, right?
Yes.
I'm going to complete it because she
becomes prettier because she's brighter.
All right.
So.
was unfazed by external human influences
in his consistent walk through life with
the Almighty.
By the way,
this was written in the imperfect in
addition to the hit pail.
So it means that this is something he
did without intermission,
with great regularity.
This was not a one-time event.
This was not one and done,
as they say.
It was not written in the perfect,
written in the imperfect.
Afterwards,
he delivered with him a man sent as
a stem.
So afterwards,
there would be a Choder at three hundred
years.
Then he fathered other sons and daughters.
All the days of Chanuk,
trained and dedicated,
as well as deployed, were and will be,
three hundred and sixty-five years.
So Chanuk, trained and prepared,
dedicated and deployed,
unfazed by external societal influences,
consistently walked,
traveling through life with the Almighty.
And there was nothing of him.
because God grasped hold of him at that
moment and obtained him for a period of
time.
Lecoq asked Hugh, he took him,
selecting and choosing,
receiving and accepting that which
pertains to him at that moment and for
a finite matter of time called perfect
third person masculine singular.
That's Barbara Sheath Genesis five,
twenty-two through twenty-four.
That is a proof text of this very
concept.
And I'm here to tell you that I
could give you a thousand years and ask
you to come up with another reason that
God told that story.
Yeah, right.
And I don't think you can come up
with one.
I think there's only one reason the man
has that name and his story was told
exactly that way at this time.
He's the proof text for what God is
doing in terms of inserting the
these people to keep his plans on track.
There are a million conspiracy theories
about
who this person is.
Enoch?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well,
there's a reason there's a gazillion
conspiracy theories on Enoch.
He's become some dunderhead in probably
the fifth century BCE.
Robbed him of his name and wrote the
Book of Enoch based upon the man's name
because it was an interesting character,
having no idea who he was,
and he wrote a bunch of religious rubbish.
And so because they skew angels having
battles and Nephylym being giants and that
sort of thing,
They just have all sorts of experiences.
The book of Enoch makes Job seem credible.
Yeah, it kind of does.
Yeah, the book of Job is a farce.
The way that the book of Job casts
Yahowah is exactly as you would expect
Satan.
And that's the reason why I realized the
book of Ezekiel was a farce,
is that God is not the way that
he is.
Lord is pictured in Ezekiel.
In Ezekiel,
there's twenty-five ways to kill a Jew,
and there's two horrid rape scenes,
and then he completely changes all seven
of the Mowed Miqra'ey,
and then builds this colossal monstrosity
using the copper con to pave over
everything that was Jerusalem.
You know, the Trump Tower, if you will.
And so you realize, eh,
it's not from God.
Same thing was here.
Definitely not from Yahowah.
Yes.
So the plan, I think, is ingenious,
that God can infuse any situation with
whatever influence and incentive or
protection is needed,
keeping everything moving forward without
violating free will or cause and effect.
Every insertion becomes a teaching
opportunity.
He continues to work with and through his
creation, which is his style,
and commitment,
rather than overpowering his creation,
which when he did...
It didn't work out at all.
Moshe, Dowd, Shalomo,
Yasha'yah at all could speak confidently
about the Nakar, this observant foreigner,
and the Amah, productive mother,
because they had seen him in action.
So returning to the Shamim,
the abandoned and desolate woman whose
husband is Baal,
who are having this boatload of kiddos in
anticipation of her prolific addition to
her family, we read,
you should want to enlarge.
It's time to make the nursery bigger.
Somebody,
we need to build an addition on the
house.
You should want to enlarge the place to
take a stand and to arise of your
brilliant dwelling place for your
household.
And the sheltering curtains of your
tabernacle spread out.
The first is that God's covenant family
home
on Mount Moria,
which would be the standing place,
needs to be bigger than the original one.
And I think it's going to be monumental,
not so much in footprint,
because I don't think it's going to exceed
the footprint that it previously had in
terms of lateral dimensions.
But I think it's going to be taller.
And I think it's going to be made
out of light.
And,
and what it's saying is that it's it
does need to be expanded.
I'm actually convinced that the the final
version of this is going to be a
hypercube.
I think it's going to be a multi
dimensional structure.
I was just about to say is it's
gonna be multi dimensional.
Yeah.
And because it's a hypercube,
you can expand it.
But still keep the same footprint.
So I think it's going to be a
hypercube.
And we know that Dowd's making it at
the end.
And he is as brilliant as the sun.
And the mercy seat that will take the
prime position in it is going to be
as brilliant as the sun.
And this is the reason for our seamstress
making a curtain.
She specifically said,
you need to make a curtain.
There was a curtain before,
gotta make a curtain.
But I'm gonna let you make the curtain.
Dowd gets to make the house,
you get to make the curtain.
so enlarge it um make this a beautiful
shining dwelling place uh and but you know
have the the curtains for the uh the
tabernacle you're gonna go blind because
it's gonna be really bright in there let's
spread them out do not withhold this is
the hypercube thing this is JB why I
think you're right do not withhold
dimensionality and increasing your cords
for the remnant
This is Mithar.
And Mithar, it does mean strings,
but it also means those left behind,
the final remnant of Yisra'el.
Then elect to strengthen, toughening,
and hardening your tent pegs.
Now, I want to tell you,
we're not talking about tent pegs here.
We're talking about something that's
essential to Yahowah's name.
The tent pegs was part of his name.
Okay there, Wookie.
And what is being hardened and toughened
up
are the entrance during the millennial
Shabbat, the mortal remnant.
Because if there is wishy-washy and as
useful as Gen-Z, we're in trouble.
Big trouble.
So it's part of our jobs.
Toughen them up.
Harden them.
Chazak them.
Make them firm.
More intense.
We need...
Too bad we don't have Dr. Jeff here.
It's his favorite word.
We need more Shazak around this joint.
Indeed, you will give birth,
creating a significant increase and
spreading out to the right and to the
left, to the south and to the north.
When we're positioned here on the Temple
Mount, the standing place,
right and left matter.
Because the orientation of the temple is
what?
East.
So left happens to be the column named
Boaz with strength.
Daken is the one on the right that
represents Dowd,
the one who will finally overcome.
And to the right is the city of
Dowd, correct?
Mm-hmm.
and to the left would be either the
Northern Kingdom.
So we're dealing with the Northern Kingdom
and Yehudah left and right,
or we're dealing with Goyim over here to
the left and Yehudim over to the right.
God's not being specific here because all
of that works out.
And I think that we have to include
with the Boaz,
column there on the left side that there
are going to be some Gentiles there and
that's good so that there will be Gentiles
on the left and there will be Yehudim
on the right and this woman by spreading
out with children on the right and the
left her covenant family is going to
include Yehudim and Goyim then I say
that's what happens when you marry a Goyim
husband
Oh yeah, I want kids of all colors.
You are.
You see what Donald Trump did today?
You guys see that, what he did today?
Yes, yes.
Unbelievable.
You know,
trailer trash wouldn't do something.
I mean,
I would not expect somebody with third
grade education that is a welfare sucking
trailer trash to do that sort of thing.
He depicted Michelle and Barack Obama's
heads on monkeys and made the post.
there was a video of something i i
haven't seen it or watched it but i
have seen the post throughout um facebook
and making all the social media rounds of
yes the fact that he posted it he
reposted it yeah it just absolutely
ridiculous i mean this was the guy that
had the he's a clown you know when
oh yeah when when it says here
that the woman that Yahowah is celebrating
for increasing the covenant family is
having children to spread out on the left
and the right.
God cannot be a racist.
No.
And if you're a racist,
you don't fit in this family.
Yeah.
Bottom line.
If you're a racist, please leave.
A lot of Jews are racist,
by the way.
Yes, they are.
Sure.
A lot of Jews are racist.
They call it xenophobic.
And the greatest crime in this world is
racism against Jews.
But xenophobic,
they wouldn't call themselves xenophobic.
They would call themselves goyophobic.
Yes.
They hate goy.
Right.
And yet it's a goy that saves them.
We're taught.
It's a goy.
They hate women and they hate goys.
And it's a female married to a goy
that saves the Messiah and delivers him.
Actually delivers the kinsman redeemer.
Oh, my.
Then your seed,
representing your offspring and your
descendants,
will inherit and take possession of the
Gentile nations and the non-Yisra'elites.
Now, I know that there are some people,
oh, how can that be?
That's so unfair that they're going to
take that stuff.
You know,
God's no different than all that.
No, that's really clear.
For the last three thousand five hundred
years,
Goyim nations have abused his people.
They've robbed them of their land,
of their lives, of their labor,
and
No one worse than the Romans,
which became the Roman Catholics and
throughout Europe.
And now the Muslims and the Marxists.
And anti-Semitism today is worse than it
has ever been.
And so God likes to play fair.
And after three thousand five hundred
years of goyim, robbing Jews,
time for a little payback.
The Jews aren't going to rob them.
Guess what?
They aren't going to be there.
Because they are anti-Semitic,
because they are religious,
because they are militant,
because they are patriotic,
they're not going to be there.
It's going to be abandoned.
So what's the option?
The option is just to let go and
be abandoned?
Or are we going to do what Yahowah
said of Abraham in the garden?
He says he's going to work in the
garden.
So are we going to work and make
a contribution?
Because there's going to be a lot of
stuff.
Airplanes, boats, cars, roads,
power plants.
Lots of stuff, man, right?
And so what he's saying is that if
you're part of her offspring,
you're part of this covenant family.
you're going to have entire islands that
are yours you could have a state it
could be the state of St. Kirk with
great reward comes great responsibility
yes so uh you're gonna have this ability
uh to uh vacation at uh uh times
it's not gonna go to waste
It's gonna be cleaned up.
It will be abandoned.
And God's saying it's yours because all of
this time, so much was taken from you.
That's the least I can do is to
give some of it back.
So I think it's a really an extremely
fair deal because otherwise it's just goes
abandoned because they're not gonna be
here.
So they will inhabit the desolated and
deserted places, population centers.
So I think it's, again, God saying,
it's all here and the world has turned
against my people and robbed them for
three thousand five hundred years.
I'm going to respond and there's going to
be some recompense.
You should not be concerned.
So in case you were concerned,
this is God's saying, don't be concerned.
because you will not be humiliated or
distressed again.
When Jews were put into shuttles,
when they were ripped from their homeland
and treated like slaves,
when they were dehumanized,
it was by the most popular religion in
the history of the world.
And then it happened again in the second
most popular religion,
Christianity and then Islam.
And then in the third most popular
religion, which is Marxism, Socialism.
Then the ongoing drumbeat that says not
gonna happen under my watch.
Not gonna happen again.
And now you're going to live and enjoy
those things.
You will not be mistreated.
You're not gonna be deprived again.
By contrast, you will not be anxious,
dismayed, or confused.
And by the way,
this is all written second person feminine
singular.
So this is all written of that woman
and of her offspring.
So it is not just the woman,
but it's the woman and her offspring.
So if Leah is not someone you care
much about and you say,
I want a different mother,
I'm not gonna respect her or revere her
as my mother,
then you're not gonna be included in this
because all of this was written second
person feminine singular.
It's her offspring,
but it's her offspring.
Indeed, you will forget,
this is called imperfect second person,
feminine singular, being disappointed.
You're going to forget being humiliated
and shamed when you were younger.
Happened a lot, didn't it?
Sure.
And then, you know, in school,
when they found out you were a Jew,
they accused you of killing Jesus.
Punched me in the nose.
Punched you in the nose for killing Jesus.
And now you had a husband that's actually
killed him.
And then the contemptible and dishonorable
condition of being insulted by you being
abandoned by a spouse and forsaken.
Yeah, when you were abandoned by him,
you went and just cried.
I'm going to be unloved.
I'm going to be an old maid.
Never going to know love.
Never going to find love again.
Yeah, that was my determination.
I'm not even sure you can say again
because your last twenty four years hadn't
been very loving.
Nope.
But you said it's over for me.
Yep.
I'm going to die abandoned.
Didn't turn out that way.
No.
God said it wouldn't turn out that way.
but since you're never going to remember
or recall that ever again.
So we'll reach a time where that memory
will not be part of your vocabulary.
But clearly God's people have been
dehumanized and demoralized as a result of
the lies regarding them in the New
Testament where it's claimed they killed
the Christian God and the Quran because
they mocked Muhammad.
Although rabbis have done them no favors
clearly over the years with the deceptions
throughout the Talmud and the Zohar.
Fortunately,
we're nearing the time when Yahowah will
obliterate the scriptures that have
harassed and humiliated his people.
Now, to appreciate this prophecy,
we must remember that it is focused upon
a once barren woman who is now celebrating
the additions to her family during the
last days.
Since she was horrendously mistreated by a
wide cast of characters, well,
we know that even recently,
Yahowah is assuring her that it will never
happen again.
So guess who can't be part of forevermore?
Well, yeah.
And that means that her foes won't live
to see this day.
Her anxiety will be a thing of the
past.
Any confusion about who she is and what
God intends to achieve through her will
vanish.
The future will be much brighter than the
past.
Although I think the current is pretty
wonderful.
There may be many memories that we will
carry with us
into the millennial kingdom.
I think we will need to for experience
sake, judgment sake.
But slander, not going to be among them.
From Taruw’ah through the conclusion of the
thousand year Sukkah,
life's going to be glorious.
So, Leah has suffered many stripes,
all of which forged her character along
And among them is quite literally being
abandoned by an insulting husband.
Her ex,
after all manner of repulsive behaviors,
he just left, disappearing.
She was abandoned on an island with him
gallivanting around the world,
never to return,
but, he has been all but forgotten as
a fading memory.
Sadness has turned into joy,
as miscarriages have been replaced with
ever-growing covenant family members.
There are two ways now to interpret what
follows:
The first is to conclude that Yahowah is
the Amah's husband, making God Ba'al.
And should that be the case,
I have no explanation as to why the
verb asha would have a plural subject
or why Yahowah would position himself as
the ga'al, "kinsman, redeemer,"
when that is his son's designation.
Therefore,
even though subsequent passages seem to
adhere to this interpretation,
I have chosen another.
And I always like to lay the cards
face up on the table and say,
you can view it either way.
Here's the reasons I have chosen to view
it this way.
With our return to Baal in this text
regarding the same woman,
I see the Amah and her ba'al, "husband,"
working and contributing together to
create this family.
They are devoted to the recognition of
Yahowah being God's name,
and they are committed to the realization
that Dowd is the kinsman redeemer.
And the first two ascertain that.
In fact,
the first to ascertain both of those
things.
They set apart one of Israel as Dowd.
And while he is instrumental in all things
Qara' called out,
including fulfilling the spring Miqra'ey,
only those cognizant of the eighty-ninth
Mizmowr know that God refers to Dowd as
Elion,
all things pertaining to the influence of
God.
And by the way,
one of the things I wanted to say,
and I got distracted I think earlier,
is that in continuing to burnish Dowd's
resume and restore his luster,
which we're gonna continue to do
forevermore,
after knowing that he did a really
dunderhead thing and responded poorly,
The reason we know that the problem was
resolved and Dowd learned from it and this
is the appropriate response going forward
is the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
It was written four years after Dowd's
initial life ended and God could not have
spoken more highly of his son.
So, we know that speaking highly of Dowd
in spite of all of this is exactly
God's approach.
He reprimanded him,
said there are going to be terrible
consequences of this.
And then when he realized that he was
going to return and this is going to
be resolved,
he spoke glowingly of his son,
calling him Elio,
all things pursuant to the influence of
God.
It's a long,
boy did good when he got a mother
and father.
He cleaned up okay.
Because then, it says, because then.
You will be married to Baal,
with you and your husband overseeing and
influencing everything.
Ba'al Atha, your feminine singular, Ba'al,
masculine,
as your lord and master taking care of
you,
will rule together while owning and
controlling many things.
Call participle plural.
That's the reason I think it's the two.
Makes total sense at this point.
So, because then you're going to be married
to Ba'al.
You and your husband overseeing and
influencing everything.
Oh, but honey,
I thought we were like minimizing the
things.
No, we're not moving into a smaller house.
Although in a way we are because we
are going to have an only child.
And it's just that because the moment you
and I conceive this covenant family,
we're giving them all to Dowd.
Okay,
so we're going to have an only child.
We're giving them all to Dowd.
And then Dowd's going to give them all
to the covenant members, you all,
to take care of.
So you guys are going to need the
big house.
Diapers.
Yeah, diapers, man.
Yeah, diapers.
We're going to have diapers,
and Leah and I are going to go
off,
and we're going to hibernate for a while.
A little while.
Actually,
I don't think we get a break because
I think we're full-time custodians of our
game.
We'll text you.
Yeah, I'll text you.
Okay.
It's Kirk again.
Don't worry.
He wants to go play golf on Pebble
Beach.
Okay, I'll meet you there.
Okay.
Deal.
you will both engage actively contributing
and working on your behalf.
Yahowah of hosts is his name.
So, your ga'al, "kinsman,
redeemer and savior," is the set apart one
of Yisra'el.
He will be summoned and he will be
called,
he will be met with and welcomed for
having fulfilled the Miqra'ey as almighty
God.
of the entire earth and the material
realm, Elion.
So that is Yahsha'yah, Isaiah, fifty-four,
five.
And, you know, if we do our job,
and it appears that we did,
and we got Dowd back into sonship with
Yahowah,
and then working as father and son back
in the family business,
there really isn't much difference at that
point on earth anyway.
between the way that does going to act
and the way with the Yahowah would respond,
he's going to be representing Yahowah.
And if he doesn't,
we'll beat the crap out of him.
For sure.
Ah, yes.
We'll have another, another timeout, son.
You missed that part, uh, uh, Kirk, but,
um,
Dowd was a really, really, really,
really bad boy.
And we're going to get into that material.
And God had a little corrective session.
He inserted a very bright and soft-spoken
layer to show that, you know,
women aren't all sex objects.
They come with brains and they come with
character.
And this one has more brains and more
character than you do.
And so you need to listen.
And she told him the first thing she
told him, sober up.
put away the wine.
It's not for you.
And, uh, and stop fixating on, uh,
on all the girls job to do.
And, and then it says, you know,
I'm going to pretty you up and get
this done.
Uh, and then, um,
God delivered the hammer and you're
looking at him and, uh, yeah,
that is a, he delivered the hammer and,
uh,
And I had the opportunity to have a
real man-to-man father and son talk with
Joe.
Wait, but did you use the voice?
I did.
I used the voice.
Those are good, helpful works.
The mother and father work together.
The mother provides the caring.
The father's there to go,
I'm going to hold you accountable.
That's exactly what happened.
It was.
Yes.
The mother was the soft falling spot and
the, and the father was the hard landing,
the hard.
And he needed both.
Let's get this going.
And Leah had more patience with him to
get him sobered up.
And so she, she got his attention.
Now,
one of the reasons that I've interpreted
this statement as Yahowah directing our
attention to Dowd as the Ga'al, kinsman,
redeemer,
is because after divorcing Yisra'el and
Howsha, he cannot remarry her.
So God cannot become the Baal of Yisra'el.
Nope.
No, no, no, no, no.
Can't happen.
Can't marry the same man twice.
His father, he can't marry his child.
That would be incest.
And he has divorced her as Yisra'el,
so he can't remarry her.
Nope.
Therefore,
I think my interpretation works.
I don't think there was a single glitch
in it where you'd say, no,
that's force fit.
No, it works.
And it has to work.
Because otherwise, no.
Matter of fact,
that's one of the trick things that
Christians will pull.
And it says, you know,
God can't remarry Israel,
so there has to be a different groom.
Enter Jesus.
I said, no, God's got that covered.
You're right.
He cannot marry the woman that he has
divorced.
But he's not.
His son is.
So since he cannot marry her,
but Dowd can and will,
which is part of the pageantry of how
Taruw'ah and the Day of the Herald enables
Kipurym and reconciliations and how that
all leads to the wedding canopy on sukkah
shelters.
Further,
the special woman who is revitalized as a
prolific mother throughout this prophetic
pronouncement
is married conveniently to Baal.
Therefore, in their collaboration,
they will contribute to Yahowah's
triumphant return with his son, Dowd.
Boy,
did it ever affirm our conclusion early on
that ours was an arranged marriage.
We joked about it.
We've joked about it forever,
but we've always known it to be true.
Well, God just affirmed it.
It was absolutely true.
God arranged the marriage.
He's got good taste.
I'm delighted with this story.
I had to write today that, you know,
that it was something talking about
monogamy.
I said, you know,
my my wife is a proponent of monogamy
and she has convinced me that it's a
really good idea.
Yeah, well,
it doesn't really care how many sexual
partners we have.
but I've come to realize my wife is
a proponent of monogamy and I've certainly
seen the advantages.
Like we had a little discussion today
during lunch and I said,
I can tell you that having more than
one wife is a really bad idea.
I have no incentive.
Yeah.
One is really good.
I can't imagine life without one,
but I'm going to tell you.
More than one is just too much.
More than one is not a good idea.
Well, as I say,
God doesn't really care how many sexual
partners we have so long as you know
incest and no bestiality and no
necrophilia.
Those aren't really sexual partners,
I guess, are they?
No.
That's not part of God's concern.
But he prefers monogamy in his
relationship with us.
And so I would expect his productive woman
to advocate the same thing.
I can't walk and chew gum at the
same time, so juggling people?
No.
Your turn.
No, my turn.
Wait, whose turn?
Through their collaboration,
they are going to contribute to Yahowah's
triumphant return with his son, Dowd.
They have been instrumental in
reintroducing Yahowah's name to his people.
No one on earth, not now, not ever,
has been more successful in reclaiming
Dowd's reputation as Yisra'el's Ba'al
Redeemer.
And as they have shown,
the Son of God answered the summons to
fulfill the Miqra'ey,
thereby calling us home.
Now, all that said, none of this happens,
obviously,
without Yahowah enabling his Amah and her
ba'al, or their son, Dowd.
We are only implements in his capable
hands.
God has and will continue to orchestrate
all of this for the benefit of the
covenant family.
Continuing now to address Leah as the
formerly barren woman who is now the
mother in spirit
of the Barat.
Boy,
that's going to drive a lot of people
crazy.
Actually, there's not a lot of them,
but it'll drive them crazy.
They're shrinking in their numbers.
Yahowah recognizes that she was actually
abandoned by her ex,
forging the character that he is now going
to exploit.
I mean, it's played in a positive way.
Feeling unloved and rejected,
she was receptive to the Spirit's
admonishment and discipline.
The heartache of her youth would serve as
the springboard for a more productive
life.
Surely, the Spirit of Yahowah,
like a woman and wife rejected and
abandoned,
is fashioned to discipline and admonish.
Isn't that an interesting statement?
Surely the spirit of Yahowah, like, ka,
akin to, a woman or wife, it's isha,
same word, azab, rejected, abandoned,
forsaken and detested,
left behind and released.
For the longest time,
Yahowah's Ruwach- Was absolutely rejected.
Was totally rejected.
Yep.
So that's exactly, so God's saying,
my Ruwach and this woman have a lot
in common.
Yeah, we do.
We have a lot in common.
Yeah.
Neglected and abandoned.
And because of being abandoned and because
of overcoming obstacles and developing
character,
you are equally positioned to discipline
and admonish.
You could talk to your son, Dowd,
and that tone and admonishing him,
disciplining him because of what you've
been through.
A woman spurned who has now become
exceedingly productive and beloved by
Yahowah, just like the spirit,
is in a very strong position.
And that's what's being conveyed here.
So shaped to serve,
prepared to work on behalf of the
grieving, to correct, to reprove.
She, excuse me,
so he will call you out.
inviting and welcoming you,
wanting to meet with you.
So even now when he refers to his
spirit and saying that his Ruwach is like
this woman,
He refers to, he will send you out.
So this idea that God is a mommy
God, hermaphrodite, no.
He is now talking about the wife,
this woman,
and his spirit sharing very similar
characteristics.
and purpose and nature to this productive
woman now, who was spurned and abandoned,
and he still says, he.
He.
Well, he and Sara is the verb.
He will call you out,
inviting and welcoming you,
wanting to meet with you as the woman.
So for all of those waiting to meet
Dowd,
I guess you're going to have to get
in line.
He wants to meet someone first.
See,
the first statement here is that God is
equating his spirit to you.
What he's saying,
you both have been abandoned.
You've both been rejected.
And therefore,
you're both in a position to admonish and
correct.
So he's saying,
my spirit and this woman share a lot
in common.
And now he's saying that this woman shaken
out of her childhood and youth when she
is spurned and rejected, that God says,
this is all me sending you out to
meet.
And he's saying in a way that I
am meeting with you as this woman who
is akin to my spirit.
So the way that I'm going to interact
with you,
he's still a seven dimensional being.
He is not coming to live here on
earth.
You know, he can dispatch his nephesh and,
you know,
and project himself and whatever fire or
however he wants to project himself.
But he is not living here on earth.
And being a material bodies can.
And therefore,
what he's saying is that I'm going to
reach out to you.
I'm going to welcome you.
I'm going to meet you.
through this woman who is now acquainted
to my spirit.
So just as Dowd is gonna be all
things pertaining to the influence of God,
this woman is going to serve as the
means for us to interact with and meet
Yahowah's Ruwach.
And see the motherly nature of the Ruwach.
So he will call out to you,
inviting and welcome you,
wanting to meet with you as the woman
who is now equated to his Ruwach,
shaken out of her childhood and youth when
she was spurned and rejected,
says your God.
Fifty-four, six.
Boy,
you've got quite a happiness going on over
there, Rich.
Qara' and Asher.
Having a love fest over here.
Oh, wow.
Qara' and Asher.
Wow.
Okay.
You go, girl.
Puppy love.
It is inspiring, I think,
to witness what Yahowah can accomplish
through his Ruwach when the recipient is
receptive to representing the Ruwach and
the beneficiary is a receptive to
receiving the benefit.
So he is saying that his Ruwach and
this woman are going to be very similar
and that we will have the opportunity to
benefit.
So the spirit is going to discipline.
It's going to be bright thinking and is
going to represent the spirit.
Now,
it's also interesting that Yahowah is
equating his Ruwach with this woman.
who is conceiving children for the
covenant.
God's spirit achieves this result by
guiding us to the truth and then
correcting us when we are wrong.
And you have to keep in mind here,
that woman, that barren woman,
It is very clear that she is a
human woman.
Childbirth, going through the labor,
conceiving a child, delivering that child,
natural childbirth.
This is a real woman.
There is nothing celestial about her.
No, she is salt of the earth woman.
And it's now God is equating his spirit
with that woman and saying that you'll see
me achieve all of these wonderful
attributes of building and nurturing the
family through her as an expression of my
spirit.
After, you know, as I read this, I'm,
of course,
tremendously relieved because after
acknowledging that the Ruwach is feminine
by scribing the verb atzab to discipline
and admonish in the feminine singular.
And in the follow on statement,
God says that he is calling out to
us to meet with him only.
therefore while Yahowah is working through
a special woman to conceive his covenant
family and deploying his ruwach spirit to
facilitate this outcome such that the
woman and the spirit work together he
continues to present his precipitation in
the masculine singular he's still father
that's right
Also important,
we become covenant as a result of the
Qara,
God's invitations to call us out of this
world so that we can meet with him.
This is why qara is the actionable root
of Miqra,
which are the invitations to meet with
God.
Now,
while the trials and tribulations of our
youth, they shape our lives as adults,
while honing our resolve,
we must shake free of our past to
move on in our relationship with Yahowah.
When we spurn those who reject God,
we're finally positioned to approach God.
as evidence that time is relative and that
Yahowah is not stuck in its ordinary flow,
as we are here on Earth.
He refers to a thirty-five century time
out for very bad behavior as a brief
moment in time.
We'll conclude our program with this
statement.
During a brief moment in time, Bah Raga,
in a disturbing instant,
And for a little while,
as trifling and unworthy is insufficient
and inadequate, I left you.
I rejected and released you.
But as a tremendous favor and a sign
of great compassion and mercy,
out of both inordinate love and pity,
for stalling judgment and considerable
recompense,
I will gather you together
as in a harvest.
Isaiah, fifty-four seven.
Let's bring it all together.
This woman is going to conceive at long
last.
There's going to be a covenant family.
He's going to work through his last
insertion of this soul.
The soul is going to be equated to
his Ruwach spirit.
We're going to have to enlarge
the god's home here on earth turning it
into a hypercube we're going to as a
result of all of this inherit this planet
have big responsibilities um become a big
family big opportunity and so god is just
summarizing all of this in a brief moment
in time i left you but as a
tremendous favor and sign of great
compassion
I will gather you as in a harvest.
Yes, Kirk.
I was just going to say,
as I was listening to the show before
I felt comfortable to come on,
there was the tone of the last few
shows, in particular the family shows,
has a familial tone.
feeling about it that is so warm it's
just different I perceive it as different
it's just like wow I want to be
there with y'all yes it's just I don't
know how to express it I'm just saying
we have discovered something that is the
underlying current of God's story that's
always been there that we have missed up
to this point and
We were somehow inspired to create Family
Hour as the presentation of this.
And it has gelled into this,
the place where we're able to present for
the first time,
the warmth and tenderness of a genuine
family, father and mother, children,
a warm home, a lovely inheritance.
This is God's celebration.
He's saying, celebrate this.
Sing for joy.
There's not going to be any more
heartache.
This is going to be absolutely happily
ever after.
And just as I now am supporting my
beloved son,
who was abandoned by his father and
mother, with a loving father and mother,
I'm...
positioning them to be mom and dad for
everyone.
What God is essentially saying in all of
this,
I think you've just hit the nail on
the head, is that, yeah,
it's God's kingdom,
but ultimately it's being run as a family.
This is hard to say,
but I guess I'm able to say it
now after reading all I've read these last
few days.
head of this family is mom and dad
fair enough fair enough absolutely and
that uh and that god picked two souls
through whom he is going to express his
maternal and paternal love for this family
and he's going to reveal his nature so
you know some of the things that
I would encourage you to recognize that
Yahowah's personality is not the way that
most people perceive him.
He has a really interesting personality.
Yes, he does.
He's yanking my chain all the time.
And by yanking, I don't have a chain.
But he is, you know,
you want to spar with him.
He does take a little poke.
You will be a spar.
You know, when he told Leah,
go ask Ruth, he must have doubled over.
laughing and say it's gonna take her now
it's gonna take her twenty it's gonna take
her twenty years to figure this out but
when she does oh my god she's gonna
die a thousand deaths just yeah just it
is okay that was really pretty darn cool
yeah well yeah you got me on that
one so you know it's uh it's like
uh saying what's gonna happen with our
puppy asher when lee and i
talking about the upcoming Teruah harvest
and what's going to happen to our puppy,
Asher.
Yeah, where do you think you're going?
Okay.
Or you say, you know, God,
I've been through that swamp of Islam.
We're writing volume three right now of
coming home.
Cool to be, you know,
burnishing Dowd's reputation.
Let's continue with that.
Let's not go back and deal with the
prophet of doom and go into that swamp
of Allah and Muhammad.
You don't really want me to do that,
do you?
And that was the morning of October
seventh of twenty three.
And yeah, really simple answer.
I've taken care of you.
I take care of my people.
Okay.
You got my point.
I get it.
It's just the way it is all the
way through.
There's a reason that he picked Elia.
Elia represents him really well.
You know, snarky, sharp,
no patience whatsoever.
It goes right for the jugular.
No respect for authority.
Yeah, no respect for authority.
If you want to know what God's like,
he's a lot like Eli'yah.
I used to think that he was a
lot like Dowd.
He likes Dowd a lot.
Because Dowd is such a robust personality
and big personality.
And he says, okay, that's my kid.
So my kid made some mistakes,
but so what?
Look what he did that's great.
He finished the job.
There are aspects of Yahowah I think we
see in Dowd,
but I think mostly what we see in
Dowd is the characteristics that God likes
to work with ultimately.
You know, he's bright, he was articulate,
he was devoted.
uh, and uh, you know, he was resilient
to you for the most part so but
I think Eli'yah is a pretty good I
mean listen all of my personal encounters
with him and the more you read about
him, Eli'yah, god obviously liked him a lot
I like him a lot. Yeah, yeah. He's
my favorite, yeah. But,
my point was,
since I was going to express a lot
of his maternal and paternal care for the
Covenant family through the two souls that
he has interjected throughout time.
If you find those souls irritating,
because we've got our peculiarities,
the most interesting people from God's
point of view is the person with the
most peculiarities,
call them flaws if you want to.
But that's God's style,
that's how God's gonna,
project himself.
Uh, I think it's, I think it's fun.
I think it's real.
I think it's interesting.
Uh, you're always a little bit on edge.
Uh, you know, I can, um,
have be having lunch with rich and say,
you know, I've got an, you know, I,
now I understand this.
And then I asked rich,
so what's the answer to that question,
rich, I set you up.
I have a lot of cables.
Yeah, a lot of cables over here.
Voice is falling.
Internet connectivity is falling.
Yeah, you think this is easy?
You sit by here and you keep on.
Now, four screens going here.
And I don't know how many other computers
and switches.
I mean, each screen has multiple.
We should do a show that just shows
this program from his point of view.
and you can see behind the scenes episode
oh how many things he's processing at one
time particularly for a show like this so
that all of us have audio uh in
and out and our voices are properly
regulated and we're all properly
positioned uh and we have a connection
that's via satellite that feeds everything
and collects it and it goes up to
stream yard and live stream to you know
ten twelve different platforms
simultaneously
It's a lot going on.
And a dog wrangler.
Yeah, and being a dog wrangler.
Yeah,
Uncle Rich the dog wrangler at the same
time.
So it is a family program.
And Uncle Rich is a big contributor to
the family program.
But in this family,
if you can't take a ribbing,
then you're not gonna you're just not
you're just gonna survive Eli'yah no if you
can't take a ribbing you can't be in
a room with Jews period period like we're
yeah no or some boy yeah some guy
right
All right, well,
we have gone past our two and a
half hours of family hour.
You're probably getting all wrinkly up
there in my jacuzzi, Kevin.
All right.
That scene is becoming more and more
stable and beautiful behind you with those
beautiful purple mountains and the rolling
green hills, JB.
I like that little slice of heaven.
And you've got some color back in you
now, Kirk.
You first appeared when you came back on
the show.
I said, ooh, boy,
it's been a rough week for you.
for my friend, but you're, you know,
you're looking, uh, real close to,
to normal Kirk.
Does it just take that little while for
the, uh, for the,
the pain meds to kick in?
I'll bet you've lost some weight on this
too.
Haven't you?
Yeah.
Not too bad.
She's, she feeds me well.
There's a lot of weight.
Yeah, you do want to be well fed.
So and you're you've got two days off.
I do.
Yeah.
Are you feeling almost human by by the
end of the end of Sunday?
Yeah.
Then I have to go back.
I know.
But only eleven more.
Yeah.
How many have you done so far?
Oh, I don't know.
It was thirty eight or nine or something.
We were supposed to do so.
OK.
So a couple of months was twenty.
And they're going to give you an
evaluation.
They're going to say, yeah,
we got the hormone free months and some
other stuff to keep things down.
And then they check the how they check
your PSA test.
Find out where you are and then go
from there.
And we're looking for a clean bill of
health.
You know what's so amazing about this is
that the life expectancy for prostate
cancer is ninety nine point nine percent.
But the medical treatment doesn't have
that good of prognosis.
The prognosis on the medical treatment is
sort of hit and miss.
The disease itself will never kill you.
If they don't burn you up,
you might live.
The old adage has always been that no
one dies of prostate cancer,
but most men die with it.
Yeah.
You are not.
You're going to be the exception.
You're going to be clean as a whistle.
I hope so.
I'm telling you.
Wow.
All right, my friend.
Well, I'm sorry we had Dr.
Jeff have to leave us, but he was,
you could tell, in the hospital.
And he is the man that's responsible for
taking care of those people that are,
by the time you're seeing him,
you're in a desperate situation.
He is an emergency care pulmonary
specialist.
So you're being incubated or your lungs
are filled and you are,
if you're unable to breathe on your own
is when you're seeing him.
And that's not a good thing.
But he does a wonderful job.
And there you are, Rich.
It's our good night for this evening.
Did a marvelous job of getting this all
together and this thing all coordinated.
It is not easy to do.
Rich is also serving both as Leah and
my sound boards because Leah is learning
so much.
She needs somebody to...
to be able to talk all this through.
And when you're finding out stuff that is
as profoundly interesting and novel as I'm
learning in these current translations,
you want someone to share it with that
you can get a response and say,
this is what I'm dealing with.
What do you think?
How do you think people are going to
respond to this?
This is pretty profound.
Is this...
It's just something we just can't share?
Or do we share it and let the
pieces fall where they may?
It got to the point you didn't have
a choice.
We spent a lot of time on Q
Bible and me doing what I do,
and I backtrack into everything.
That's what the words say.
It is what the words say.
By the way,
when it looks like I'm looking away from
Rich there and getting my back to him,
I'm actually looking at him.
When he is on the right side,
he is on my right side,
even though he's on the left side of
the screen there.
So I have to look over here to
this empty chair that Leah just got up
from to look like I'm looking at Rich,
and that just seems too awkward to me.
So understand that if you're viewing this
program, I'm not giving Rich my back.
actually looking directly at him which is
uh uh it's just the way that we
position everybody on this screen but it's
fun to be able to do this this
was a wonderful family hour um the god
story is so so utterly amazing it's such
a shame that people have corrupted it with
religion
when the truth is just so much more
interesting, powerful, fun, uplifting.
It's just a great story, well told.
And he has given us these opportunities to
continue to learn and grow and develop,
share, enrich others,
enrich our own lives and others as a
result of this.
Forever is going to be a lot of
fun.
God has set up forever such that there
is no end to the opportunities.
So Shabbat Shalom, everyone.
Have a marvelous healing weekend there,
Captain Kirk.
Thank you, sir.
Good night.
Thank you, Rich.